My favorite day of the week is Saturday.
I get up at 9 o'clock on Saturday and I don't do any homework.
I don't eat lunch at school.
I have lunch at home with mom and dad,
and I see my friends in the evening.
Betty.
My favorite day is Wednesday.
I don't have maths and I don't have maths homework.
I have Chinese.
It's my favorite lesson.
I do sports every Wednesday afternoon.
Tony.
My favorite day of the week is Tuesday.
We don't have lessons in the afternoon.
I go to the library and read my favorite books.
I read stories to our old friend Mrs. Lee.
Tuesday is her favorite day too.
In the evening I watch television.
Lingling.
Sunday is my favorite day of the week.
On Sunday morning I go to my grandparents' home.
There is a lot of my favorite food and I see my cousins.
I do sports with my friends in the afternoon.
Dummy.